So when you're using a command and trying to learn how to use it, you first want to check what arguments
are needed.
And you can see the requirements are usually arguments, the required fields, and then those are all
the options.
So you use the arguments to see what's required for the program to function properly.
And then the options and the flags are what you use to modify the behavior to do it something slightly
differently.
And you can find all this stuff in with the--the help flags or in the man pages.
And sometimes if a command doesn't have any documentation, then you just have to go to the old Internet
and search for it.